c:\users\nkhodabandeh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TrustedApplicationExample\TrustedApplicationExample\bin\Debug\TrustedApplicationExample.exe.config
c:\users\nkhodabandeh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TrustedApplicationExample\TrustedApplicationExample\bin\Debug\TrustedApplicationExample.exe
c:\users\nkhodabandeh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TrustedApplicationExample\TrustedApplicationExample\bin\Debug\TrustedApplicationExample.pdb
c:\users\nkhodabandeh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TrustedApplicationExample\TrustedApplicationExample\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\nkhodabandeh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TrustedApplicationExample\TrustedApplicationExample\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\nkhodabandeh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TrustedApplicationExample\TrustedApplicationExample\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\users\nkhodabandeh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TrustedApplicationExample\TrustedApplicationExample\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
c:\users\nkhodabandeh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TrustedApplicationExample\TrustedApplicationExample\obj\Debug\TrustedApplicationExample.csproj.App.config
c:\users\nkhodabandeh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TrustedApplicationExample\TrustedApplicationExample\obj\Debug\TrustedApplicationExample.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\nkhodabandeh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TrustedApplicationExample\TrustedApplicationExample\obj\Debug\TrustedApplicationExample.exe
c:\users\nkhodabandeh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TrustedApplicationExample\TrustedApplicationExample\obj\Debug\TrustedApplicationExample.pdb
c:\users\nkhodabandeh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TrustedApplicationExample\TrustedApplicationExample\bin\Debug\JWT.dll
c:\users\nkhodabandeh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TrustedApplicationExample\TrustedApplicationExample\bin\Debug\Microsoft.IdentityModel.dll
c:\users\nkhodabandeh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TrustedApplicationExample\TrustedApplicationExample\bin\Debug\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Tokens.JWT.dll
c:\users\nkhodabandeh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TrustedApplicationExample\TrustedApplicationExample\bin\Debug\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
c:\users\nkhodabandeh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TrustedApplicationExample\TrustedApplicationExample\bin\Debug\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.xml
c:\users\nkhodabandeh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TrustedApplicationExample\TrustedApplicationExample\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\nkhodabandeh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TrustedApplicationExample\TrustedApplicationExample\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\nkhodabandeh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TrustedApplicationExample\TrustedApplicationExample\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\nkhodabandeh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TrustedApplicationExample\TrustedApplicationExample\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.SelfHost.dll
c:\users\nkhodabandeh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TrustedApplicationExample\TrustedApplicationExample\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\nkhodabandeh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TrustedApplicationExample\TrustedApplicationExample\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\nkhodabandeh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TrustedApplicationExample\TrustedApplicationExample\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\nkhodabandeh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TrustedApplicationExample\TrustedApplicationExample\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.SelfHost.xml
